Below is a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) that you need to agree to,
when you contribute to this project. When signing, you need to use your real
name â€” no pseudonyms or anonymous contributions allowed.

Two maybe-not-obvious goals with the CLA:

- We want to be able to change the source code license. Currently it's AGPL,
  and later on we want a more permissive license, like the GPL or MIT or
  Apache 2.

- Maybe we'll want to sell this software, under some special license, to
  companies who are not happy with a GPL license.

Here follows the CLA. You'll grant us intellectual property rights, like
copyright and patents. And you'll confirm various things. And we acknowledge
that your contributions might be buggy and broken, and that that's fine, not
your problem. This CLA does not change your rights to use your own
contributions in other projects, for any other purposes.



Contributor License Agreement, version 2
========================================

This document clarifies the terms under which You (the copyright owner or
legal entity authorized by the copyright owner) may contribute your
Contributions (software, bug fixes, translations, documentation,
configuration changes, graphics, videos, or any other materials),
to the Work, i.e. to Talkyard.

You and Debiki AB (the company behind Talkyard) and Kaj Magnus Lindberg agree:

You grant to Debiki AB and to me, Kaj Magnus Lindberg, a non-exclusive,
perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, no-charge, royalty-free, sublicenseable,
relicenseable, transferable license under all of Your relevant intellectual
property rights (including copyright, patent, and any other rights), to use,
reproduce, copy, prepare derivative works of, sublicense, distribute and
publicly perform and display the Contributions and such derivative works,
on any licensing terms,
including without limitation: (a) open source licenses like the GPL and MIT
licenses; and (b) binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses. Except for
the licenses granted herein, You reserve all right, title, and interest in
and to the Contribution.

You grant to Debiki AB and to me, Kaj Magnus Lindberg, and to recipients of
software distributed by us, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
irrevocable (except as stated in this section), no-charge, royalty-free,
sublicenseable, transferable patent license to make, have made, use, offer
to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work (i.e. Talkyard),
where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You
that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by
combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such
Contribution(s) were submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation
against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in
a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have
contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then
any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that
Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is
filed.

You confirm that you are able to grant us these rights. You represent that
You are legally entitled to grant the above license(s). If Your employer has
rights to intellectual property that You create, You represent that You have
received permission to make the Contributions on behalf of that employer, or
that Your employer has waived such rights for the Contributions.

You represent that the Contributions are Your original works of authorship,
and to Your knowledge, no other person claims, or has the right to claim,
any right in any invention or patent related to the Contributions. You also
represent that You are not legally obligated, whether by entering into an
agreement or otherwise, in any way that conflicts with the terms of this
license. For example, if you have agreed to assign the intellectual property
rights in your Contributions to an employer or customer, that would conflict
with this Agreement.

You understand that the decision to include your Contributions, is entirely
that of Debiki AB and Kaj Magnus Lindberg; this agreement does not guarantee
that the Contributions will be included anywhere.

You understand and agree that this project and your Contributions are public
and that a record of your Contributions (including all personal information
you submit with it, and your agreement to this CLA) is maintained
indefinitely and is redistributed with this project.

We acknowledge that, except as explicitly described in this Agreement, any
Contribution which you provide is on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


vim: tw=76 list et
